When we heard that there would be a special convention in Madagascar, we were very happy.
We said we have to get there.
We decided to increase the amount of soap we make so that we could pay for the travel
to the convention.
We have three children who are going to be baptized in Antananarivo.
As a family, we have worked together to make breaks so that we can pay the fare for
this special event in our life.
We are looking forward to meet brothers and sisters from around the world.
I make earrings and I sell them.
I will use the money to attend the convention.
I am very happy.
I make bags with these Vulpika beans to get some money to attend the convention.
This is my pig.
I will sell it so that I can attend the convention.
I am raising chickens.
I am doing laundry.
Visiting delegates for traveling form from nine countries to come to Madagascar.
We're taking with us some necklaces and bracelets from South Africa to give to the
brothers and sisters in Madagascar.
From the very moment we showed up, you could just feel that love from all of the friends
and welcome, welcome, welcome is the message we kept getting.
We really enjoyed the tour of the branch.
They also had dancing and wonderful food.
One theme that I saw with all of the local friends here is they were all smiling from
ear to ear.
A lot of energy too, great, happy energy.
The ministry was incredible and we had the friends there right by our side to help us
along.
You've seen Jehovah's creation in an area where it's been untouched and you get to see
some of the plants and animals you can't see anywhere else in the world is truly a
nice blessing.
Even on our large island, many people have far to travel, some walk on foot for several
days.
Many take a pass journey of a few days to arrive here in the tent and the river.
But everyone is eager to be at the special convention in Madagascar.
Now when I think about my three children who got baptized today, I feel my heart is full
of joy and I really thank Jehovah.
We walked for three days with our congregation and then we took a pass.
We arrived safely in Atalanarivo because we did not cave up.
We are so happy to be here.
Even though I do not know all these people from before, they are Jehovah's people and
I can get to love them.
I've never been in a stadium with so many people.
Just to see that many people singing to Jehovah was quite an experience and it made me
think, wow, this is like a taste of paradise.
I am in the organization for 47 years now.
This is something that really makes me happy and it encourages me to see such a great
crowd, which is benefiting greatly from Jehovah himself.
This is our very first special convention and everything has exceeded all of my expectations.
It makes me think, wow, what is Jehovah having to do next?